[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So the next exercise
is actually to connect to the Chrome
debugger, get familiar with
the dev flow and debugging.
Okay, this is the one I
forgot to talk about.
Yeah, and if you're on Android, you can
actually type this command in right here.
Let me copy it.
Yeah, if you're on Android you can type
in this command inside the terminal,
and it will give you the output
of the logs right here.
So if we have the app running,
we can type in that command, and
we'll see the logs right there.
>> Scott Moss: So again that was, this.
As soon I typed in, it evaluate it.
So the command is right here.If
you type that command in,
you can access to all your logs, yes?
>> Speaker 2: Question online,
when you adjust the connection setting
bandwidth offline mode in Chrome,
will they reflect on the device?
>> Scott Moss: No, I don't think so, and
that's because I think that
depends on the emulator.
I think you can do that in emulator.
So I don't think that's gonna work.
Cuz I'm pretty sure that's not gonna work.
But maybe it will.
I don't want to say 100% sure, but
I don't think that's going to work.
I think that's a device thing.
So I know in Genymotion,
you can do all that.
You could adjust all that stuff.